Hello everyone and welcome to the section.
All right let's go and evaluate our model.
So the first step is that we are going to simply run our model which is our teen model and run a method
evaluate using our testing data.
So we're going to use our test and why test data.
OK.
And that would simply return our evaluation and then we're going to use many evaluation that is maybe
going to return the loss and we can return our accuracy too.
So when we just want to print the accuracy which is simply the second element within our evaluation
turn.
So here which is going to print test accuracy and let's take a look let's see how can our our model
actually perform.
So if we don't it's that would tell me OK my test accuracy is around 91 percent.
All right.
That's actually not bad.
The key point or key element here to differentiate is that we for the during training we reach 95 percent
accuracy.
However in testing reach our 91 percent accuracy which makes sense why.
Because just imagine trate testing data.
This kind of data set are images that the model hasn't seen before ever before.
OK.
Which is pretty good given that you know we we just you know like develop the entire code and literally
look around 50 50 lines of codes pretty much.
And it's very very very simple format.
All right.
The next step is we're going to do the prediction.
So let's play.
For example our confusion matrix.
Let's see how can we how can we actually do evaluation to our model at the moment.
So the next step is that we're going to use our product classes.
So what we're going to do that we're going to again use our models and that model and model that we're
going to use method could predict classes.
Okay.
And then in the past hour our tests which are testing that we return our predictive classes.
OK let's run it.
All right.
And let's actually view our product cluster to see what's happening there.
So tell me OK these are actual Classen and they predicted for the testing dataset 1 2 8 8 whatever.
You know these are the different samples.
The key element is now we wanted to print kind of a grid that can tell us OK this is my image this is
my true label and this is my predicted label.
OK.
All right.
I'm not going to go through I'm not going to write the entire code.
Or just going to simply walk you through each of the lines of code step by step.
So we're going to do that we're going to pick 25 images.
OK.
So we're going to take five.
Create a great again five by five.
We're going to use the subplots comment using the L and W and we're going to create let's say a figure
size 12 by 12 and here afterwards we're going to do a Raval afterwards.
We're going to flatten our axes array and then next step that we're going to do for a loop simply from
0 up till up till the twenty five which is the overall number of samples of images.
Every time we're going to show our image reshaped in a 28 by 28 format.
OK you said a title to be prediction class and to class in which our predictive class cannot predict
be class with index I and the Y test as well which is kind of our our true value or to label for outracing
data.
So simply put this is our true value.
This is our prediction.
All right.
Hopefully hopefully that you know both of them will to be pretty the same and that means we are doing
pretty well.
All right and then we're going to get access to all of this just to disable all the the number of like
you know pixels or the dimensions simply because we are planning a lot of images and then we're going
to adjust the basic the width here to become point five.
It's really straightforward really simple.
Let's run it.
All right looks very interesting.
So here for example we saw a shirt the prediction class was 0.
TRUE class was zero.
That's fine.
OK.
So like a trouser OK prediction class one to class one.
OK all of them look great.
Actually this one looks a little a little off.
So here our prediction class was for However we're too close with three.
All right.
Pretty much most of them look look fine.
I'm just getting really quick here here.
This one is wrong.
OK.
So here we have our prediction class was for our class was six and that's pretty much it.
All right.
That's just you know we kind of went inside just got like you know bunch of samples twenty five images
and we plot them here just to get a sense of OK that even like know the answer make sense or not.
OK.
Let's go and check out our confusion matrix.
So the next step is we're going to again from as killer and pull our confusion matrix and then we're
going to run again confusion matrix why test with a predictor class.
OK.
And that was our confusion matrix S.M. and then we're going to create a figure with certain dimensions
and we create a heat map using the seaborne library to simply show us the number of samples that has
been correctly classified a number of samples that have been misclassified.
All right.
Let's run this.
Looks interesting.
So that's basically our confusion matrix.
For those of you guys not familiar with the confusion matrix that's kind of a visual representation
that gives us like you know one stop shop to assess our performance.
So here this is basically like you know on the other rows showing the predictive class that's our predictions.
Okay that's our true value.
If our predictions matches our true value we're just going to mention here the number of samples that
have been classified correctly.
So here we have apelin six you know like iPad 2 which is you know what I don't like it.
Eight hundred and sixty samples that sex class classify correctly.
And we keep going these are like you know like there are a lot of samples and classify correctly.
However there is actually a lot of samples have been classified miscalled I collect 12 or 12 which is
a very high number.
Right here we have like you know a bunch of samples.
We have 90 samples there's classified misclassified 94 misclassified and so on.
All right.
Just to give you an overview of you know like how many classes have been classified correctly and all
my class have been classified correctly.
OK.
The next step is if one or two to plot our reports.
Again we'll get home as Killer metrics.
We're going to import classification report.
So to plot the confusion in the matrix when we import the confusion matrix.
However from the classification report from Esky learned of metrics we going to import ossification
report number of classes 10 and hidden.
And then here we're going to simply get all the target names and afterwards we're going to print or
our classification report using our weightiest predictive class and all the target names.
Let's take a look.
All right.
That's pretty interesting.
So here we have all our classes so simply here.
We just wrote no law class 0 class 1 class 2 and so on simply we just did a for loop that goes from
one OK or from 0 up till the overall number of classes which is you know like 10.
All right.
So that's pretty much just to plot you know the class which class we are we're in.
And he has shown the precision which is simply showing showing how many of these class have been classified
correctly see with the class 8.
It's actually been classified pretty well.
Just to give you an overview of what these classes classes are going to go up.
Let's copy that just you know kind of reminded for us.
Let's go down to copy that here.
And if you guys recalled so here you'll find that class 5 which is sandal has been classified correctly
which makes sense because it's very easy.
You know even for like you know laka like a kid's toy simply like you know classify it case was very
easy.
The images were very clear to me at least for class 5.
It was again sandals.
OK that's fine for a class 7.
That was the sneakers actually pretty clear as well.
Class 8 the bag was very clear and cold boot was very clean.
However if you go to class for example 6 it was 77 percent.
That was really bad.
That was messing up pretty much on the performance which is the shirt.
OK.
Which kind of you know like make sense because it was little bit like difficult to use or you can easily
mess up the shirt.
Let's say with a pullover for example it wasn't very very clear at least you know like in the images
right.
The trouser was actually very easy to classify just like 99 percent.
OK.
Which makes sense.
All right.
That's pretty much all what I have.
I hope you guys enjoyed this case study and see you in future studies.